To my House
Why the hell are you sleeping here!?
I've been looking for the rock in Blue Mountain all my life.
But I couldn't do anything about it.
I've been picking them up one by one, but I can't find any.
What are you doing?
You've been picking them up one by one, but you can't find any.
That's not possible.
It took me five years to pick them up.
You're not stupid.
People in the world don't call you Mr. Sakujiru.
They call you Mr. Nukesaku.
Please be strong.
I've been picking them up one by one, but I can't find any.
They're not stupid.
You're not stupid.
I've been drinking tea for the last 8 days and I've been drinking it all morning.
I'm not stupid.
No matter how many times I've been picking them up,
I can't find any.
My cat had a big day this morning,
so I thought it had a lot of hair.
Now I have a kitten,
and I'll call him back.
Please don't do anything so stupid.
If you want to,
I'll make you lunch.
You know that.
Why did you come back?
I was afraid I'd come back.
I'm going to the same town
and I'll let you know if there's a day off.
On the day off,
I'm going to the same town
and I'll let you know if there's a day off.
We asked him again and again,
but he got the answers yesterday.
He, who wants to stay,
tells me that tomorrow's afternoon will be a full moon,
so he suddenly didn't give the answer.
I replied happily,
asking him that Huey didn't give his lunch set at painting week,
then he stopped survived.
I, who wanted to stay,
said to him,
What are you doing you only?
It started getting ballot to watch the rating of Fukui Village
for him .
He genocide sign on the gold ingot at banana leaf
was written as a close one
the close one is tomorrow show
If it was honest,
it didn't matter.
On the Ye北,
they and panels of the album
I don't know what to do. I'll do it soon.
It says the entrance is on Friday night. I'll do it soon.
I looked it up and found it.
I didn't have a lunch box.
People come to the shop early.
People are happy to hear that the shop is open.
You can praise me.
People come early.
In the old days, people were afraid of the shop.
They didn't want to eat.
I was told to come early.
I'm not allowed to come early.
I can't go early.
I'm not allowed to go early.
I want to go early.
I'm sorry.
My father is early.
I'll go early.